RULES:
[color=#ff0000]YOU MUST BE AT LEAST 16 YEARS OF AGE TO PLAY ON THIS SERVER.[/color]
[bold]DONE.[/bold]

Welcome to a totally new kind of server. Both anarchy and tyranny, but in potential - a potential determined by the players.

Note from the SERVER OPERATOR:
Basedstation 14 was founded with the goal of giving the players tangible sovreignty over the course of their time at the station. In practice, this means a style of server administration comparable to a highly committed anarchy server. However, we do not condone nor encourage hooliganism or anarchism aboard the station at all. Whether the station functions normally is up to you, and it is highly encouraged that highly qualified and committed poeple staff the important positions when the round starts, who believe in their ability to build a stable order aboard the station, since this often leads to fun rounds. However, variation is inevitable, and times of stability and prosperity, or disorder and chaos, will emerge cyclically depending on who is playing. 
If you are HoP, consider this your opportunity to organize new operational methods to ensure the departments' efficiency.
If you are HoS, see if you can develop novel security policies to maintain order on the station. It is possible, and I have done it. It is this experience which led me to make this server in the first place.
If you are quartermaster, see if you can organize production, get HoP to assign new sub-quartermasters you appoint, set up factories and keep people employed (AND NOT BORED AND UNEMPLOYED, LEST THE ANARCHY COME) and satisfied with their material requirements.
You get the point.

To give some inspiration to management personnel, I wish to convey my experience as HoS that prompted me to make this style of "realism" server:
I made it a personal challenge to keep order on the more unruly servers a while back. When I joined, the station was blowing up about every 15 minutes. Round after round, and for many hours I worked as a HoS, and eventually made it last a whole hour and a half. I accomplished this through the implementation of an auxiliary militia to supplement the security force. I had determined that security simply didn't have enough eyes, and couldn't see enough places at once. Thus, on large portions of the station there was no security coverage, and crimes could be committed with impunity. Thus the solution was to increase the tactical variety of the security force, and reduce that of the instigators of chaos, until the two were matched - to put the matter in cybernetic language. Thus, a militia formed of otherwise unemployed people was effective - boredom is the enemy of stability in SS14, security is the enemy of destabilizers, and employement is the enemy of boredom. Thus, employing people and giving them a chance to become full-fledged security members if they performed well reduced the chaos proliferated and allowed what crime there was to be matched by the security sector.
In such a way, competent management specifically has the possibility to eliminate the need for extensive server rules. I prefer that - more realistic and organic. I hope that you, the player, will share this vision also, and use your role as the canvas onto which you may make your own contribution to the portrait of society and the player experience. It is my desire to leave you with the full initiative to play as you see fit. Whether you have high aspirations or wish to play as a mentally daranged psychopath - you have that choice. 
I hope you will have a most diversive time on my server.
Best regards,
Lucas Mason

HUMOUROUS NOTES FOR ARCHIVAL PURPOSES (and also the links):
This server was removed from the HUB by cringe SS14 developers and administrators. The discord server link for resistance is here: https://discord.gg/NkZKDnKMKS

Этот сервер был удален из HUB разработчиками и администраторами SS14. Ссылка на сервер Discord для сопротивления находится здесь: https://discord.gg/NkZKDnKMKS

REDDIT COMMUNITY: https://www.reddit.com/r/SS14_but_based/